(logo whooshing)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(lightning crashes)
(thunder rumbling)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(logo whooshing)
(logo thundering)
(dramatic intense music)
- [Wife] Do you remember this?
- Is that the cab from Napa?
- It absolutely is.
- Oh. come now. you
have out done yourself.
- Mm. You're worth it.
Next up. some fresh bread.
- Mm. oh. is that sour dough?
- Yeah. from San Francisco.
- What did I do to deserve this?
- Walk down memory lane.
- Oh my.
- And last. but not least. your favorite.
- Is that your mother's recipe?
- [Wife] It absolutely is.
- [Husband] Mm. hm. hm!
- I made it fresh last night.
- Oh my. You spoil me.
(lips smacking)
- Anything for you.
honey bear.
- Oh.
(glasses clinking)
- Cheers.
(doorbell rings)
- Are we expecting someone?
No. no. no. no.
I got it. You've done enough.
Be right back.
(gunshot bangs)
(dramatic intense music)
(gunshots banging)
(gunfire popping)
(wife gasping)
(gunshots clattering)
(gunshot bangs)
(bullet thuds)
(wife gasps)
(taser crackling)
(gunshot bangs)
(phone rings)
- Charlie. Yeah. now you owe me double.
She brought her fucking
husband and you know
the cleanup alone will be huge.
Don't be a cheap ass.
Would've been a 100.000.
(tense dramatic music)
- Do 75.
Send me a photo of the guy.
I'll send you the cash now.
- Cheap ass motherfucker.
(phone beeping)
(dramatic intense music)
(gunshots clattering)
(knife thuds)
- Ow!
- Listen. kid. I didn't
even know they had a child.
Bad intel on my part.
You're gonna be okay.
Maybe just a few stitches.
You got a lot of moxie.
You remind me a little bit of
myself. Keep your head high.
You're gonna have good days and bad ones.
but hopefully one day
our paths will cross.
- Our paths would definitely cross again.
I am gonna train every
minute of every day.
and when I'm ready. I will
haunt you to hell and back.
And I will rip your heart
out and feed it to you.
You cold-blooded killer!
- Big mistake.
(gunshots banging)
(dramatic intense music)
(dramatic intense music continues)
- Of all the meetings. you
choose to be late to this one.
Do you know how many strings I had
to pull to get this meeting?
- I'm so sorry I'm late.
- Save it. Here's your packet.
The investors are in this
study. They're waiting for you.
They've been going over the packet
while they wait. coffee boss.
- Boss. I like the sound of that. (grunts)
You're sweet.
- And you're late. Get in there.
(tense dramatic music)
- Thank you for coming.
What you have before you
is a proposal to go live
with a service that has been
beta tested in a small town.
Now this app was created to connect buyers
and sellers. providing a unique e-commerce
for a variety of illicit activities that.
until recently. were only available
on the deep and dark webs.
Now we had anticipated that sex trade.
sales of narcotics. would
yield the highest profit.
but ironically. it was the hit services.
That was our highest earner.
We decided to call the app The Kill App.
And if you could turn to page one
in your packets. I'll
tell you how it works.
(upbeat rock music)
(patrons chattering indistinctly)
(upbeat rock music continues)
- Listen. here. bitch.
- [Tammi] I know you were
at my house last night.
- [Woman In Black Lace]
Oh. goddammit. Tammi.
how many times am I gonna have
to tell you that I'm not
fucking around with Stan!
Should lay off the coke.
(woman grunts)
Come on. bitch.
(women grunting)
- [Charlie] That's Misty.
younger sister of Rose.
(name bangs)
She's seen better days.
She dipped her toes in the assassin world.
but the problem is she cannot keep
from tripping over her own two feet.
(upbeat intense music)
(engine revs)
(blow thuds)
(workers chattering indistinctly)
- Jim?
- Shit.
What the fuck did I say about
sneaking in on me like that?
- Jim I had a feeling something
was happening yesterday.
I felt it in my gut. Should have bet you.
- Our Rose's sister's dead.
- How'd you know that's
what I was gonna say?
- Henry called me first.
Said Misty was reported dead this morning.
- So is he gonna give it to us?
- Why wouldn't he?
Wasn't my evidence that led to a mistrial.
Was that motherfucker. DA Jangles.
that's who fucked us on this.
- So we got it.
- Yeah. we got it.
- So what are we still doing here?
This is a big break. Jim.
Why are you reading yesterday's paper?
- Somebody's trying to make a point here.
Coincidences like this
don't happen everyday.
Do you wanna run into an ambush? Hm?
Like fucking last time.
- No. sir.
- Well then. get your gear
and get the fuck out of my office.
Sit around here bullshitting all day.
(workers chattering indistinctly)
(knuckles rapping)
(tense somber music)
(Dave vomiting)
- Oh. god. (coughing)
- [Mike] You all right. Dave?
- I'm sorry. Mike. man. I
just ain't never seen nothing
like this before. and you. Becky.
you gotta calm down.
- Don't you tell me to calm down.
You two are gonna screw the pooch on this.
I can hear it marking. Goddammit.
- Listen. Becky.
uh. ma'am.
- Ma'am.
- Don't you call me ma'am.
- Dispatch has already
alerted the city police.
They're already en route.
- I am so relieved.
- That means
that they're on their way. Becky.
- Meanwhile. Tammi's killer's running
around the goddamn countryside.
You're asking me to sit
here with my thumb up my ass
while we wait for a couple of dog dicks
from L.A. to come up here and
waste my motherfucking time.
- Now hold on a second. Becky.
No one asked you to have
your thumb up your ass.
We didn't ask her that. Mike.
- Listen. it's a real shame
what happened to that poor girl.
- Sure is.
- But us running around
on a wild goose chase
is not gonna bring her back
to life looking for some Bentley.
- I mean. besides her eyeball is stuck
to the headlight on this thing. man.
That. that's what they
said over the radio. Mike.
It stuck right on the.
ah. shit. Oh. Jesus.
- Go spew some fucking goo. there he goes!
- There he goes again.
- You know what a wild goose chase?
It's called a search.
Mike. a fucking search!
- Now listen. all right.
there's specific protocols
for things like this.
Leroy's already collected some evidence
and some tire tracks.
And our. our little old station
just can't handle these type of cases.
- No. it's not Mike. No. it's not.
- Oh. now is that?
Ah. shit.
- Just not nice.
(Dave vomiting)
Ah. come on. Christ.
Somebody moved the goddamn body! Shit!
(upbeat rock music)
(phone chiming)
(upbeat rock music continues)
(lively upbeat music)
- Cops are gone. thank god.
- Where's my sister.
- I don't know that either.
- There's a whole lot of
blood out there. Becky.
And you were supposed to protect her.
- If you wanted to keep her alive.
she should have been with you.
- Give me answers now.
- This isn't a fucking rehab!
You've been on the run
for five goddamn years.
- I don't give a shit
what you're telling me.
Now you go get one of your girls right now
and you tell me where Misty is.
- Anita. get your ass in here.
She was the last one to see her alive.
♪ Never thought I'd fall for you. hoo ♪
♪ I've been so low ♪
- Hi.
- [Rose] What did the car look like?
♪ I've been so low ♪
- It was gray.
(dramatic intense music)
(Anita grunts)
- (chuckles) Give my love to Rose.
- Where you going. you fucking whore!
I will kill you. bitch!
- [Anita] Come down here. I'll
rip those fucking extensions
right out your goddamn fucking head!
(women grunting)
Lady. get the fuck off me!
- [Woman In Black Lace] I
told you I'd fucking kill you!
- Oh. you fucking crazy bitch!
(women yelling)
- I said I'd fucking
kill you! Fucking whore!
(engine revving)
(women grunting)
(body squelching)
(Anita screaming)
- I'm lucky that bitch only sliced me.
Whenever she'd get all coked up.
she always thought I was
fucking her goddamn man.
Like I would want any part of that.
Lord knows what she was
walking around with.
I'm sure Misty's fine.
Threw her in the car pretty
good. but she's a tough chick.
Are we done here?
♪ Show me when. show me ♪
♪ Show me where ♪
- Gotta stop letting these
girls do so much coke. Becky.
- How do you think I keep 'em twerking
after their little blade parties?
- I think it's Hank.
- I'll go get my shit.
(upbeat rock music)
(gunshots banging)
- [Charlie] Now that's Hank.
(name bangs)
Co-owner of Kill App. and my boss.
He's a. he's a bull in a china shop.
Goes 0 to 60 drop of a hat.
- Whoa! Overkill. Rose?
- Shoulda brought more.
If it's Hank that took my sister.
he'll have every hit man in 60-mile radius
ready to kill me. just like the last time.
- Well. it looks like
you're gonna teach him
a little accountability.
Just don't blow our ass to China doing it.
- Guys. I just got the message.
A million bucks on your hit. Rose.
- [Becky] Hey!
- Are we good?
- Rose. relax. we're
good. we're good. Relax!
- It's good. it's good.
Does it say who posted the hit?
- No. sweetheart. it doesn't. but (sighs)
six free agents have already
been first responders. Rose.
- We gotta get the fuck
outta here. Right now.
- Rose. this was on
Misty's changing table.
- [Hank] Dear Rose. come
out and see the trees.
I just took your sister to Paradise.
Maybe you can meet her there. Love. Hank.
(dramatic intense music)
- Can I get a ride.
- Yeah. just give me a sec.
(gentle reflective music)
- [Hank] I bet your sister thought
I would have given up after five years.
Maybe I would have if that cunt
hadn't killed my brother Quentin.
- I know you guys don't have anything.
What about you. baby?
- Think I'm all in.
(gunshot bangs)
(dark-haired woman sobs)
(dark-haired woman screaming)
No! Please!
- That's Quentin.
(name bangs)
Hanks older brother. former
member of the kill squad.
(words banging)
Loved cards. women. and liquor.
Problem is. he took out Rose's lover.
backstabbing Rose.
Big mistake.
- When Quentin died. Hank
started losing his shit.
Looked pretty bad for Hank.
C'mon. kid. you remember all this shit
from the case files. right?
That's why I think it's Hank
that's trying to draw
Rose out into the open.
- You might be right.
Jim. but I. I don't know.
The list of people that want to kill Rose.
it goes on and on.
- I got a gut feeling.
(tense suspenseful music)
I'll put a hundred on it.
- [Frankie] You'd bet that much?
- No. I'm just fucking with you.
Look at yesterday's paper.
There's a picture of
Hank in the courtroom.
Told ya. fuckhead. bam!
- Shit.
You know. this photo
doesn't really mean shit.
- That sheriff ever get back to you?
- Nah. I think he's having some trouble.
- Trouble?
- Yeah.
He was gagging on the phone.
Crime scene was really bad.
A stripper's head exploded.
- (chuckles) But he can't dry
his fucking eyes and call you back?
- I'm sure he can. but a
stripper's head exploded.
He's probably a little upset.
- But he's positive it wasn't Misty?
- [Frankie] Eh.
- [Dave] Well. ma'am.
did you see anything?
- Yeah. I saw her fucking head explode.
- Did you get a make or a model?
Even a license plate number? Anything?
- Yeah. it was gray.
(phone vibrates)
- Hello? Okay.
Okay. I'll. uh. give you a call
when I get back to the office.
Yeah. Bye now.
So-
- We done?
- No we ain't done!
We got an open investigation here.
- Relax. Becky.
- Don't tell me to relax.
- Now Anita. you know you
ain't out of the woods. right?
I need you to understand that.
- Excuse me?
She tried to fucking
kill me. Michael Dean!
- Listen. I know you're my cousin.
but running around.
shaking your ass for money.
this kind of shit's gonna happen.
Look at you. You coulda got killed.
- Yeah. I'm fine. I'll get
a ride home with Thomas.
- You better watch it.
missy. I got my eye on you!
- All right. listen. Hank.
by bumping up the price
on her head. we are massively
cutting into our profits.
I know. I. I know.
Uh. give it a minute.
There's lots of others
that want her dead. too.
By the end of the day.
the price will go up.
Okay. okay. I'll do it.
(tense suspenseful music)
- [Charlie] Let's break
down this Kill App.
Okay. so here we have our client tracker
where I keep my eyes on where all
of our assassins are at the moment.
As you can see. this locale
is. uh. is packed with 'em.
Tends to happen when there
was a big ticket kill.
At the Command Center. this
is the brain of the app.
you've got the standings
of all our divisions:
assassinations. kidnapping.
even laundering at the bottom.
And on the other list. we got live stats
on what our clients are doing
in the killing department.
Finally. this is the most
important part. the top kill list.
Most wanted is Rose. More
details will be coming on her.
(dramatic intense music)
- What the fuck are you doing?
(phone chimes)
- I'm thinking about six million bucks.
Are you in?
Good. Now shut up.
(chainsaw buzzing)
- Rose!
(man with chainsaw yelling)
(gunshot bangs)
- You sorry son of a bitch.
Your price just popped up.
You're trending at 10 million.
We gotta hit the road.
I'll take that. you
miserable motherfucker.
(bullet bangs)
- (laughs) I got you. bitch.
Ah. what the fuck?
This is Spurlock. right? Ah. shit!
Roll it down.
This is Spurlock County. right?
- I don't know.
- Oh. ho. you don't
fucking know either. huh?
(sighs) So you think you can keep
your mouth shut about all this?
- Yes. yes. I can keep my mouth shut.
- [Dispatcher] Sir. an officer
is en route to your location.
You said he was overweight
and white male. That correct?
- Really? What the fuck?
(gunshots banging)
(tense suspenseful music)
- It's Rose.
(phone chiming)
- Wait. this thing is saying
my last known whereabouts
are at a gas station in Spurlock.
- Could be Charlie laying down cover.
(phone chiming)
Uh-oh. Hank just pinned
12 million on your tail.
- [Rose] Not worried about that.
Hank won't be alive to pay anyone.
- [Dispatcher] 30-35.
40-50 to 35. come in.
- Maybe that wasn't Charlie.
- [Reporter] Shooting reported
in Spurlock on Barbara Avenue.
The suspect is armed and dangerous.
- So you two boys are telling
me you didn't see nothing?
- [Man In Tank Top] The
guy went pretty fast.
sir. it's hard to say.
- Driving fast.
I pulled you over. you were
doing 10 miles an hour.
That fast for you? What about you?
- We thought we heard some firecrackers.
- Firecrackers.
(Joe chuckles)
Okay. and what is this here?
This a devil shirt you're wearing?
- [Man In Black Shirt] No. sir?
- Are you smoking the devil's lettuce?
- Hm.
- Huh?
(upbeat rock music)
- [Charlie] Uh. that's Pete.
(name bangs)
right-hand man of Hank.
He's as savvy as you get.
master manipulator. and
loves to stir the pot.
Killing to him is. uh. it's a game.
and he is one of the
top earners on the app.
- Uh. how. how can I help
you ladies get started?
- Are you okay?
- My. uh. my sister. she.
can I start you off with
some coffees or something?
- Sure. uh. two coffees and regular sugar.
That's great.
- Anything for you. miss?
Two coffees with regular
sugar. Anything else?
- [Becky] Uh. for right now? That's fine.
- I'll. uh-
- Thanks.
- I'll be right back with that.
- I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
- No guns. Too loud.
(tense sinister music)
- That's Will.
(name bangs)
not brightest of the bunch.
He came to the U.S. via Austria.
It's not really the money
that drives him to kill.
It's the thrill.
The app is a godsend for him.
(gentle calm music)
(phone beeping)
- Fuck do I let these bitches
talk me into this shit?
(dramatic intense music)
(phone ringing)
- Told you leaving me here would pay off.
Since we're good friends.
I'll only take half.
- [Hank] That's not
what we agreed on. Pete.
Don't overstep this deal. You
know how I feel about deals.
Look. it was your idea to increase
the rate to get more hitters.
- Ah. fuck. it's Anita!
I told you to tell that
bitch to stay in the car.
- She's crashing from coke.
Usually she turns into Sleeping Beauty.
I don't understand what's happening.
- Look. I don't give a
fuck. Just don't kill Pete.
- [Becky] Okay. I'll wait.
(dramatic intense music)
(phone chimes)
(Anita screaming)
- Shit!
(knife whooshes)
(hitman screams)
(guns banging)
- Jesus Christ. Joe!
(gun banging)
- We need you to come
out with your hands up.
Look. there's no reason to be rude.
We put a call into the state police.
They're gonna be here any minute.
(dramatic intense music)
- Rose?
Where are you. Rose?
- Where the fuck is your friend. Hank?
(gun bangs)
- Hank? I don't know what
you're talking about.
Who the fuck is that?
(gun banging)
- Oh. I bet you say that to
all the girls. huh. Pete?
(gun banging)
(Pete chuckles)
- Yeah. and they usually end up
just like you're about to. bitch.
(guns banging)
- Listen. fellas. I'm
gonna head out round back.
You guys gonna be okay?
- Yeah. yeah. we gotcha. Joe.
Go. go. go. go. go. go!
- All right.
- Shit. Mike. what are we gonna do. man?
- Hey. Dave. call Nancy. We need backup.
(gun banging)
(glass shattering)
We got backup coming from the city.
They're gonna be here any minute.
(gun banging)
- Nancy. Dave. I need Carl down here. man.
What?
- [Nancy] Carl's got the flue.
- What do you mean Carl's got the flu?
Nancy. I don't give a
fuck if he's got diarrhea
shooting out of his goddamn ass. man.
We. we're in a real shoot-out here
with real criminals. man.
and they got big guns!
Nancy. we need backup and we need it now.
- [Nancy] She is 60!
- I don't give a fuck
if the man's 60. Nancy!
Are you listening to me?
Get his ass down here.
(gentle calm music)
(phone beeping)
(dramatic intense music)
- Oh. you're in here. you fucking bitch.
(Rose grunts)
(hitman grunts)
(hitman yells)
- Dave. what here?
- Just tell her to give those
detectives our location.
We need them here now.
- All right. hey. Nancy. listen.
Tell them L.A. dicks that we're at
the Harvest Steakhouse in Spurlock
and we need some backup
right now. goddammit!
Shit. Mike. what are we gonna do. man?
(gun cocks)
Oh. hell no.
- Drop that shit. Slide it over.
- Becky. don't you make
me fucking shoot you.
- [Becky] I will open up that empty head
like a goddamn watermelon!
Drop 'em!
- Okay. all right. okay.
Easy. easy. Take it easy.
There you go.
- You're my bitch now.
Get those cuffs out.
cuff yourselves together.
- I don't have the pink. furry ones. I-
- Now!
- Okay. all right. all right.
- Do it!
- All right. all right. Becky.
Easy. easy now. Look. I'm
just reaching for my cuffs.
Okay? Okay?
- Good boy.
- Here we go. All right.
- Cuff yourselves together.
- All right. All right.
Come on. Becky. Don't
point that thing at me now.
Come on!
- [Becky] Okay. on your feet!
- Calm down. Becky.
- [Becky] On the fuck things now!
- Okay. okay. okay. okay!
Okay. okay.
- Now. walk to the back door.
- Okay. okay.
- Back it up.
- [Becky] Hey. come on!
- Okay. all right.
- Now.
- Okay.
- I will shoot you.
- We're walking. We're walking now.
Give me another second. okay.
- [Pete] Shit!
(dramatic intense music)
(gun banging)
(gun bangs)
(Pete yells)
Fuck!
- Ya dumb fuck!
Give me the fucking gun.
And you're gonna get in
the fucking chair now.
Faster.
(Pete grunts)
That's a good boy. Pete.
I'm gonna ask you one more time
or I'm gonna tie you up. asshole.
- Oh. you're gonna tie me up?
You haven't even taken me to dinner.
- [Rose] Last chance.
- You know what?
I think I'm gonna bust all your teeth out
and fuck your mouth.
- Put the rope over your head.
- Okay. bitch. Now I
have to tie myself up?
- Put the fucking rope
over your fucking head.
(Pete chuckles)
Do it.
(dramatic intense music continues)
And now you're gonna tell me.
where did Hank take my sister?
- You know. you keep asking
me about this fucking Hank.
I don't know who the fuck he is. (laughs)
- Becky.
Put your foot on the gas
and move forward 10 feet.
(engine revving)
Fuck is Hank?
(Pete gasping)
- [Pete] You don't have the balls. bitch.
You don't have the-
(Pete screams)
You fucking bitch!
- I don't need balls. sweetie.
- That Paradise Cove. (gasping)
Don't fucking act like you don't remember.
That's where you killed Hank's brother.
Didn't you get Hank's love note?
(dramatic intense music)
(gun banging)
(guns banging)
- God. man. Mike. I don't wanna
die today. son of a bitch!
(grunts) Shit. man!
- We're connected!
- Hey! Now don't you
girls try to chase us.
Give me the fucking key! Both of 'em. now!
- Okay. okay. okay. shit. Goddammit.
Fuck.
- Come on!
- Give a pinch.
- Okay. okay. okay.
okay. okay. son of a bitch!
She does got a nice ass. though. Mike.
- What?
- Okay. shit. fuck. all right!
(guns banging)
(dramatic rock music)
- Oh. fuck!
Dave. Dave!
- Oh. shit. goddammit!
- Dave!
- Son of a bitch!
- Goddamn!
- Did they hit me. man?
Am I hit. I'm hit. I'm a goddamn.
just listen to me. Mike.
Just feed my goldfish
for me. will you. man?
- [Mike] Oh. stop!
- Aw. shit! God! (grunts)
- Fuck. Fuck!
(gunshots banging)
- (grunts) You stole
my kill. motherfucker!
- I almost fucking had her. man!
Fuck you!
Fucked up my shot.
You fucked up my shot!
You fucked up!
- Fuck! (grunts)
(guns banging)
- Fucked up my shot. dude!
- You ready?
- [Rose] Hit it.
(Mike grunting)
- You son of a bitch.
I can't believe you fucking
made me miss my hit!
(phone ringing)
Fucking amateur hour
over here. Jesus Christ.
- [Hank] Buzz. hello.
- Where the fuck do
you find these hitters?
I remember when you had
to have at least 10 kills
before you even got in the fucking system.
- I had to add some fresh blood
in the mix to keep you
old guys on your toes.
- Huh?
Oh yeah. this.
everybody-gets-a-trophy mentality.
it's gotta stop. it's getting you nowhere.
- Well. we all can't be
made as good as you. Buzz.
What's the situation on the ground?
- Oh yeah. everybody's dead.
It's a fucking shitshow down here.
- I'm working on it.
Pete was supposed to handle it.
Oh. she won't last the night.
She's trending on the app.
- Okay. let me ask you this.
Is the price really gonna go up
because (laughs) I can just wait
till it hits 20 million and retire.
- Don't get cocky on me. Buzz.
It's basic economics. okay?
You know. the price
fluctuates based on the needs.
So right now. she's in the lead.
but she's on the top of the list.
but the minute could be anyone else.
Money can be on someone else. maybe you.
(gun bangs)
(dramatic intense music)
- [Charlie] That's Anita.
one of Hank's go-to killers.
(name bangs)
She's a slick one.
Soon as the app launched. she
hit the top three earners.
She'll take your lunch and
make you happy she did it.
(phone chiming)
- Hank. she's killed Pete.
- [Hank] They didn't even
make it a clean kill.
They made Pete suffer.
This is something we
can't afford to let go.
- Keep your money. Hank. This is personal.
- [Hank] Thatta girl.
- The cops are coming. I gotta go.
Do I still get the
million for the Buzz hit?
- [Hank] I'll handle that.
- Okay.
- Marilyn. you already fuckin' up.
- [Charlie] That's Al.
(name bangs)
Anita's partner. former Marine.
He is the toughest of the bunch.
As a POW. he had his eye carved out
without leaking a word of intel.
- Take the money.
You're already gonna end
up killing this bitch.
Don't. don't regret taking
that money from Hank.
Trust me.
- Rose'll pay for this.
Don't you worry about that.
(dramatic intense music)
- Ow. fuck! Shit.
- Trina.
- No!
- [Shark] This is the last one. Hank.
Caught this coward hiding in the kitchen.
- [Hank] Perfect.
- Please. this is all me
and my family have.
- Thank you.
- [Husband] I. I-
- I got news for you.
pal. I own this place now.
So no one's gonna do a
goddamn thing. you got it?
- Please! My family!
- Oh. my family!
You think anyone gave a
shit about my family? Huh?
My brother was shot right
here in this very restaurant.
- I'm sorry. please just let my family go.
and let the help go-
- Hey. hey.
shut the fuck up!
All right?
If I hear you say another goddamn thing
about your family. I will rape your wife
in front of your daughters
and the cleaning lady.
Do you understand? Not
a goddamn fucking word.
Are we on the same page? Sh.
Take him out and tie up his family-
- No. but just. just a-
(hand smacking)
- No!
- Listen to me! Shut the fuck up!
Thought you said you understood.
Zip it! Fuck!
Tie his mouth up. tell the cook
there's two more coming
for dinner. thank you.
- Why are we keeping
these people alive. Hank?
- Ah. you know what. Shark?
I fucked this shot up.
- (sobs) No!
- You know what? You're right.
(gun banging)
(child squealing)
Hey. hey. hey. hey. zip
it! I'm not gonna kill you.
Who's gonna clean the
rooms. right? (laughs)
Did I sink anything?
Let's hit the nice balls.
You can clean up the mess. You are a maid.
Jesus Christ. Can you re-rack this. Shark?
- You got it. boss.
- Fucking terrible break.
- The fuck? Your price
just dropped eight million.
- (sighs) It's gotta be a set-up.
Hank. he is way too sharp himself.
and he thinks he's gonna kill me.
- That is garage sale shit. man.
I mean. are you sure that
was Marilyn's husband?
I'd be more afraid of Marilyn
than I would that cheap shit Hank.
- I'm not worried about Marilyn.
- We gotta have a game plan. okay?
I mean. we can't just cut and paste
and show up like we did last time.
- [Rose] Why can't we?
- Because you still have
eight million on your head.
Hitters gonna be coming
out of the woodwork
like flies on shit.
- All right. we're gonna
get these cons at night.
We're gonna park behind the hill
and we're gonna run the
guns down the restaurant.
- I don't think it's a good idea.
We gotta be fresh.
William's Lake is three hours away.
- [Rose] I don't care about the time.
I need to get to Misty.
- And if you're not on your game.
you can't do your sister any good.
When's the last time you slept?
- [Rose] I drove straight through.
- What we need is a
automotive opportunity.
Okay? This car is hot.
If we get popped before we get to Misty.
your sister is fucked.
- You're sure they were
headed to Paradise Cove.
- Yes. sir.
I heard that poor fellow scream it
when Rose was cutting his hand off.
- Inside?
- Such a nice place.
though. that Paradise Cove.
I love the smell of the
Lake in the morning.
you know. bacon and eggs.
Just looking out over the water.
it's a beautiful thing.
- And shut the fuck up.
- Sir. Are we good to kill these bitches?
I have to be honest with y'all.
My cousin Anita. she was shot
right in the head in Spurlock.
- Shut the fuck up. Captain.
We got four hours before
we get to Paradise Cove.
You guys need to shut the fuck up.
Nobody's calling anybody.
Nobody's radioing anybody.
Rose is smart. She's gonna be listening.
The more people we tip
off to our following her.
the harder she is going to run.
And we are going to do
things differently this time.
We're gonna surprise that bitch.
She is gonna be sitting there.
minding her own business.
and I am gonna show up
and pistol whip that cunt
into next fucking week.
you're gonna slap the cuffs
on her for the last time.
- See. Jim here was the only one who ever
arrested the killer Rose.
What's ironic is he arrested
her at the Paradise Cove.
- [Mike] You don't say?
- Yeah. he hit her with his car.
Slammed right into or out of nowhere.
Then I did slap the cuffs on her.
and a year later she
walked on a technicality.
It was fucking DA
Jangles. it was his fault.
You could have been quite a detective.
- Shut the fuck up. okay?
- I'm sorry about your cousin.
- Thanks.
- It's like the good old days. huh. Becky?
- Yeah. I can't believe
that shit went down.
You know. Rose. I'm sorry about Misty.
I shoulda covered for her.
- I don't blame anyone but myself. Becky.
I shot Hank's brother. not you or Misty.
Should never have taken that contract.
- Well. there's only one thing left to do.
And that means we jack a
car. put some road behind us.
find a place to sleep.
- [Rose] Tired?
(Becky laughs)
(dramatic intense music)
(bullets banging)
- Fuck.
(hitwoman screams)
(hitwoman and Rose grunting)
(hitwoman yelling)
(Rose inhales)
I got fucking shot!
10 years ago. that shit
wouldn't have got past me.
Goddammit.
- [Rose] We need to find another car.
- Maybe a doctor? I don't know.
What do you think?
- No. no. no.
I got a kit in my car.
- What do you think?
Maybe. I don't think it's that bad.
It's not that bad. CEC scotch.
CEC scotch. that's all I need.
- Here. you're okay.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
(Misty whimpering)
- Gentlemen. I wanna thank everybody
for coming out here tonight.
Now I'm hoping that one of you cretins
can kill this fucking bitch. Rose.
Now you're all part of the elite.
So do not disappoint me.
I don't know when she's gonna show up.
but I can guarantee you this.
When she does. this bitch is
gonna be armed to the tits.
Don't take her lightly.
Everybody get out of
their Kill App right now.
Get a visual on the mark.
Get an ID on this bitch.
You're looking at the bitch
that killed my brother right here in this.
And right here is where
that cunt is gonna die.
You know what? I'm gonna
sweeten the pot a bit.
Whichever one of you cretins can bring
that fucking bitch to me
alive and in the handcuffs.
I'm gonna toss in a $2 million bonus buff.
- [Cretins] Yeah!
- Oh. now I've got your attention.
Let's go. Yeah.
This way. this way. first
thing in the morning.
I can put a fucking bullet
in that bitch's head myself.
- [Cretins] Yeah!
- Wait a minute. no. this way.
First thing in the morning.
I make her watch me cut
your fucking head off.
Then I put a fucking bullet
in that bitch's skull.
- Whoo!
- Yeah!
- You like that? Yeah?
(Misty whimpers)
Oh. yeah. you lik that. Nice.
(sighs) Well. I'm tuckered out.
I'm gonna go to bed.
You're gonna keep me warm.
Let's go. Gentlemen. happy hunting buff.
- Shark and I'll be
placing side bets. too.
if anyone's interested.
- Think you all know who to bet on.
- C'mon. Shark. We all
know you're a shit shot.
- That was one fucking time.
Besides. I don't need to
be good shot with this.
All right. fellas. bar's open.
handle your fucking business.
Let's go.
(upbeat rock music)
(gentle calm music)
- (sighs) All right. what
you two lovebirds need
to remember is I outrank you both.
so you can cuddle it up on
the floor there together.
- I don't care. Jim.
I'll sleep in my clothes.
It's better than sleeping in the car.
- You and your gratitude shit.
- Jim. I think the deputy's right.
We should let one slip in
the back of Rose's head.
- The fuck are you talking
about. let one slip?
- Talking about a fucking bullet. Jim.
right in the back of Rose's skull.
No bad evidence this time.
Two plugs in the back of her head.
- Would you listen to him?
Are you listening to yourself?
This sound like something
a cop should be saying?
- Jim. keep an open mind.
- Hey. Dep. would you get us some ice?
- Sir. I'm all ready for
bed. I'm in my underwear.
- I can smell that.
And you're not in bed.
so get your fucking ass
up and get us some ice.
- (sighs) Fine. I'll go get some damn ice.
- Don't be afraid to hit the
shower on the way back through.
- What the fuck?
Course I'd love to kill the bitch.
but you're gonna say something
like that in front of him?
I don't know this deputy. Do you?
Do you know this deputy?
- Well. no. they-
- Okay. then why the fuck would you say
something like that in front of him?
Hey. we were partners long before
all this AA positivity
honesty bullshit. okay.
Now. would you say something like that
in front of your wife?
- Jim. I just wanted us to be
on the same page. that's all.
- I'll talk to him in the morning.
I'll tell him to do it.
That's a win-win for everybody.
What the fuck?
Course I'd love to kill the bitch.
but you're gonna say something
like that in front of him?
I'll talk to him in the morning.
I'll tell him to do it.
That's a win-win for everybody.
- Mav. tell Hanger's there's
gonna be cops of the event.
It's the two detectives.
they wanna kill Rose. too.
- I was hoping you'd say that.
Good job. Marilyn. you and Jenny
made us put the odds in my favor.
- This shit's going on too long. Mav.
We gotta do something.
Get rid of this fucking bitch.
- No doubt. no doubt. but as
long as he's putting money
in my bank account. I don't give a fuck.
- Jenny Vevo.
- You mean Jenny and her giant son.
Well. I'mma let you take her out
and I'm gonna take his big ass out.
The giant killer. Oh. yeah! (laughs)
(tense suspenseful music)
- Ah. look what I found.
- [Rose] Mm.
- It's not scotch and milk.
No weed. though.
You want a swig?
- Mm. I want more than a swig.
(Becky grunting)
- [Becky] Nasty.
- You own a bar.
(both laughing)
- Okay. job one. Misty.
job two. Needle Dick the Bug Fucker.
We gotta to kill him.
So when are you gonna call Charlie.
ask him to switch the system?
- You know it's complicated with Charlie.
- It's always complicated with Charlie.
Did you bring a remote for the explosive?
- Bitch. you know I did.
(sighs) Becky.
I'm glad we're going
through this together.
- Just like old times.
(gentle calm music)
(tense suspenseful music)
(Hank sighing)
- Where the fuck is this bitch?
Check in with the lookout.
- What's going on out
there. guys? Talk to me.
- All clear.
- Goddammit. I've been
holding this shit for an hour.
I am going to kill this fucking bitch.
- Wait. we got a bogey.
- Is it here. is it the bitch?
- No. it's the cops.
- Give it to me.
Stand down and let 'em in.
- All right. let's do this.
- Hey. hey. hey. in time.
To what do we owe the pleasure. officers?
- [Jim] Wanna ask you a couple questions.
- Not sure you're gonna like my answers.
Let's do this inside.
Mike. Got some new jeans. huh?
Shark. all right. gentlemen.
I love a good game show.
Hit me with the questions.
- So y'all know where-
- Shut the fuck up. Mike.
Let's cut right to the chase. Hank.
Is Rose coming here?
- Do I look like I keep her day planner?
- You're holding her sister. right?
Don't lie to me.
- I don't know nothing about her sister.
I don't know where you're
getting your information from.
but perhaps something got
confused in the chaos.
I've been right here.
taking a little vacation.
mourning the mistrial of my
brother at the Paradise Cove.
Do you know he was. uh.
he was killed right here?
And because of pigs like you.
that cunt got to walk away scot-free.
- Because of pigs like us?
- Did I stutter?
- You created this free-agency system.
posting your murder contracts.
Seems to me like you're
getting fucked your own system.
I think they call that karma. asshole.
- Karma.
- Easy.
- Take care of 'em.
(tense sinister music)
We'll let you kill Rose.
You can walk away.
No trial. scot-free.
- You think I wanna walk away?
I wanna celebrate the death of the man
that's responsible for my brother's trial.
- I did no such thing.
You need to take that up with DA Jangles.
- It's funny you mention that.
I already had a little conversation
with the dickless attorney.
You know what he said?
He said the same thing.
He blamed you two.
Yup. even after I shot his own
mother right in front of him.
he kept saying. "It's
those stupid detectives.
those fucking. drunk detectives."
You remember that lead suspect
that got ran over by the car?
The suspect.
Come on. you know what
I'm talking about there.
a DUI on the job. Jim.
You fucking cops think you
can cover everything up
and nobody will notice.
Fucking cops.
Go ahead. Frankie.
- Mike. gun's empty. I emptied
the bullets last night.
- What the fuck. Frankie?
- What do you mean. what the fuck?
The world loses one old
grumpy drunk. that's you.
and I get a million bucks.
You see how money solves everything?
Don't look at me like that.
You fucked everything up.
You had that. that stupid suspension.
Then you went back to drinking again.
You fucked up more cases.
You fucked up my career.
Fuck you.
- Ow.
That's some heavy shit
he got off his chest.
I'm gonna step out of the way.
Hashtag thoughts and prayers.
- You wanna do it?
- Do it. Frankie.
- Why don't
you go ahead and do it?
Shoot me. you fucking pussy.
(roars) Do it!
Do it! Shoot me. you fucking pussy!
(Jim yelling)
(gun bangs)
- Fuck! Pshew. was that guy loud or what?
So Frankie. you know. you had
a hand in this also you know.
You did. So I think it's
time that we renegotiate.
- What the fuck do you mean?
You were gonna give me a million bucks.
- Whoa. slow down. Judas.
We do I look like. an ATM machine?
- Fuck you!
- Think you can take this bitch?
- I'm sorry. sir. Which bitch?
- [Hank] What do you mean which bitch?
What are you talking about?
- Don't you mean Rose. Frankie.
- Fuck! You cops and
your homophobic jokes.
- Easy. motherfucker.
I'm the one holding the gun.
- You keep saying that. Frankie.
So what's it gonna be. deputy?
- Yes. sir. Yes to both.
(gun bangs)
- Well. I just did half your job.
so let's move on to Rose.
Heard she killed your sister.
- Cousin.
- Your cousin?
Hear that? Man. that must be rough.
I know how tight y'all
hicks are with your cousins.
Huh. was she tight?
I mean the relationship?
- I wasn't fucking my cousin. you dipshit.
- Watch your language.
Obviously I touched a nerve.
So do you wanna kill Rose or not?
- Yes. sir.
All right. Tell you what.
(tense suspenseful music)
I'm gonna give you this big
old knife. you got that?
You go on out there and you kill Rose.
If you got a change of heart. you're dead.
Dead. understood?
- Yeah. I understand. sir.
- Well. get a move on. C'mon. mosey.
Clippity clap. yipee ki
yay. whatever they say.
Fucking cousin. Walkie.
All right. listen up.
Barney Fife's with us. Don't shoot him.
Any movement out there?
- [Hitman] No. sir. all clear.
- All clear's over here.
(gun bangs)
- [Hitman] Wait. we got a bogey.
(guns banging)
(body thuds)
(blood squelches)
- Crowbar.
(static crackling)
Hey. Crowbar. come in. Check it out.
I gotta get me a drink.
- All right. men.
Rose is here somewhere.
You two take the back of the building.
You two take the front.
Good luck and happy hunting.
Shit. Is that one of ours?
(car bangs)
Hell is this shit? Run!
(button beeps)
(upbeat rock music)
(explosion booming)
(gunfire blasting)
(chainsaw buzzing)
(gun banging)
(gun bangs)
- Come on. baby. Stay with me.
- Siggy's is scotch. siggy's is scotch.
- [Rose] No. you're bleeding bad. baby.
You okay? Look at me. look at me.
- You go kill that motherfucker.
- Becky.
(Becky choking)
Oh no!
No. you stay with me! Okay?
Look in my eyes!
- Rose. Oh. Rose.
- No! Becky!
- Goddamn. you cost me ammunition. Rose.
I was hoping for one bullet. two bitches.
How about I let you live
a little bit longer?
You can stew on that. (laughs)
- Rose. you killed my
husband. you fucking bitch.
I'm here to kill you. This is personal.
(blows thudding)
- Stop.
Don't fucking move.
Now what we gonna do.
we gonna do shit nice and smooth. Rose.
Now if I wanted her dead.
she'd be dead already.
I want you to take her gun
and put a bullet in this bitch's temple.
- No!
- Relax. I got this.
(gun bangs)
(Al yells)
(gun banging)
(Marilyn screaming)
- Rose! Kill me!
(gun bangs)
- Hello. Rose!
Look up here. Hi.
So you want your sister
alive and I want you dead.
How about we make a trade. huh?
On the count of five.
one. two.
three. 1.000. four.
Mississippi.
going once. going twice.
(gun bangs)
- Misty!
(gun banging)
- [Hank] I'm not gonna hurt you.
(Rose grunting)
(tense sinister music)
- Goddamn. you are a
pussy with nine lives.
Tell you what I'm thinking.
(gun bangs)
(Hank yells)
Oh. fuck. ow!
Oh. not the shoes. not the shoes.
ow. hey. hey. hey. hey.
listen to my offer.
(gun clicks)
Listen to my offer.
(gun bangs)
That's my offer.
- Rose. Rose. Rose.
Why can't you just fucking die already?
- Fuck.
- Oh. don't act so surprised. Rose.
- Shit happens.
- Fuck you.
- Fuck you. you were-
- Fuck both of you.
- Sorry. sis. Five
million is a lot of money.
I couldn't pass it up.
You're gonna die by one of
these hitters soon anyway.
Why can't I benefit from that?
- Can't argue with that.
It's good business.
- You're a fucking idiot. Misty.
He was offering everyone
12 million to kill me.
- Is that true? You fucking asshole!
- Whoa. whoa. hey. hey. hey!
She's fucking lying.
- And you believed him.
You fucking druggy whore.
Why do you think all
those hitters are out?
- That Was my fucking money!
I let you cum in me. too.
you fucking. lying bastard.
- Put the gun down. bitch.
Come on. She's lying.
Just look at the app. huh?
Whoa. just checking the app.
Look. she's back down to five million.
What the fuck?
- What do you mean what the fuck?
(phone beeping)
- Nothing. it's a glitch.
- What kind of glitch. Hank?
What does the fucking system say?
- What the fuck did you do. Rose?
- Hey. Charlie.
Yeah. add my sister to the list.
- What the fuck is she
talking about. Hank?
- Yeah. I'm sure. Thanks. babe.
- What is she talking about? Hello?
- Nothing. all right?
It's fucking Charlie.
- (laughs) Yeah. Hank.
Why don't you tell her who's on the list?
- The guy that designed the app.
he hacked in. he added me
in as a kill. all right?
It's not gonna pay out.
It's a hack. It's not real.
- He said no one could do that.
- No one but the fat guy in a wheelchair
that designed the app.
Yeah. he hacked it. hon.
- How much are you worth?
- No. there's nothing there.
It keeps glitching. It keeps changing.
- No. it's not a fucking
glitch. He's lying.
- Shut the fuck up. Rose. Hank?
- Honey. why would I fucking lie to you?
It's not real.
I'm telling you. honey.
- Oh. your fucking liar!
- Honey. please. no!
(gun banging)
(tense suspenseful music)
- You should have killed me.
- Fuck you. Rose!
- What's the matter?
- Why don't you ask your
fucking hacker boyfriend?
You're gonna shoot me. collect the bounty?
- No. I don't have any bullets left.
I just want to look at your face
now that you're on the list.
Becky and a lot of good people
are dead because of you.
- Because of me. Rose?
No. they're dead because of you and him.
- You were safe.
- Take me off this list. goddammit.
- Look at all the hitters
who are out there now.
They're looking for you.
Don't you feel special?
- Fuck!
What am I supposed to do?
- I would run.
- Run?
No. I'm gonna offer your hack some money.
- Don't move. bitch.
Don't even fucking breathe hard.
Fuck. Hank.
Looks like I'm in charge now.
- Hank's dead. but don't worry. asshole.
You're on the list. too.
- You just shut the fuck up.
If I wanted you to open
your fucking mouth.
I'd unzip my pants.
Now put your hands over your fucking-
(gun bangs)
- Even though it would have
been great killing you. Rose.
truth is I'm only in
this shit for the money.
- Hey. you going back to the city?
- Yeah.
- Can I get a lift to the county line?
- Sure.
- And finally. we have Rose.
My former boss. Hank. screwed
the pooch underestimating her.
Took her for granted.
look what happened to him.
At least they got his car out of it.
Rose is an asset. not a target.
Just look. Onto her next job already.
She lost her best friend and
the only family she's got.
not blinking an eye.
Not sure what's gonna
happen to this woman.
The app needs more like her.
(upbeat rock music)
So as you can see. the test
went better than expected.
1.5 million on the Battery App.
1.8 million on the Kidnap App.
but as I said before. our
bread and butter. murder.
Gross 12.5. we're going
all in on The Kill App
and dumping the rest.
Now imagine a world
where you have a neighbor
who lives down the street.
constantly pissing you off
throwing loud parties.
or someone cuts you off
on the street. or better yet.
a coworker gets your promotion.
Huh. maybe you just don't like someone.
Hm. with the Kill App. you can just put
a price on that person's head.
And then any Tom. Dick. or
Sally out of work can log in.
check who's available in
the area. and go cash in.
We tested this for a year
in just one small town.
So imagine it statewide. going national.
but better yet. globally.
- Where do I sign?
(upbeat rock music)
(upbeat rock music continues)